DOC-1877: Add associations and homeowners associations sections for Germany (#670)
swan-io/docs: docs/partnership/document-center/company-registration/spain.mdx

| Acta Fundacional* | Founding act* | <ul><li>Only applies to associations.</li></ul> |
| Documento de identidad | Identity document | <ul><li>Only applies to associations.</li><li>Required for the president, legal representative, and the persons opening the account.</li></ul> |
| Acta de la Última junta / Certificado de Cargos* | Meeting minutes or a certificate of positions or roles* | <ul><li>Either one of these documents will be accepted.</li><li>Meeting minutes must be the latest ones within the past two years.</li></ul> |
| Tarjeta acreditativa de Número de Identificación Fiscal (NIF)* | Tax identification card* | <ul><li>Only applies to homeowners associations.</li><li>Must be dated and signed within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Justificante de domicilio de la asociación | Proof of company address | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |

> | Cuentas anuales / Estados financieros / Declaración fiscales| Evidence of financial situation, including income tax return. | <ul><li>Must be the latest version of the document.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cuentas anuales / Estados financieros / Declaraciones fiscales | Evidence of financial situation, including income tax return | <ul><li>Must be the latest version of the document.</li></ul> |
```

| Poder notarial y Documento de identidad | Power of attorney and identity document | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last year.</li><li>Identity document is required if the legal representative isn't the account holder.</li></ul> |

> | Documento de identidad de los UBOs / Personas con control efectivo | Identity document of UBOs / Persons with effective control  | <ul><li>An official and valid document.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Documento de identidad de los UBOs / Personas con control efectivo | Identity document of UBOs / Persons with effective control | <ul><li>An official and valid document.</li></ul> |
```

| Certificación de estatutos sociales* | Articles of Association* | <ul><li>Only applies to associations.</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version.</li><li>If amendments have been made, it must be dated within the last **6 months**.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Estructura organizativa / Organigrama | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Formulario de Persona Expuesta Políticamente (PEP) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |
| Declaración de cumplimiento PBC/FT — Artículo 42 Ley 10/2010 | Compliance document | <ul><li>The latest version of this document.</li></ul> |

> | Cuestionario de actividad y financiación / Memoria de actividades | Questionnaire about the association's purpose. | <ul><li>The latest version of this document.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cuestionario de actividad y financiación / Memoria de actividades | Activity and funding questionnaire | <ul><li>The latest version of this document.</li></ul> |
```

| Documento de identidad de los UBOs | Identity document of UBOs | <ul><li>An official and valid document.</li></ul> |
| Justificante de domicilio de los UBOs | Proof of address of UBOs | <ul><li>Must be dated within the last 3 months.</li></ul> |
| Formulario de Persona Expuesta Políticamente (PEP) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the end user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |
| Certificación de estatutos sociales | Articles of Association | <ul><li>Must be dated and signed.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version.</li><li>If amendments have been made, it must be dated within the last **6 months**.</li></ul> |

> | Organigrama de la empresa | Company structure chart | <ul><li>An internal company document.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Certificación de estatutos sociales* | Articles of Association* | <ul><li>Only applies to associations.</li><li>Must be dated and signed.</li><li>Must be the most recently published version.</li><li>If amendments have been made, it must be dated within the last **6 months**.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Estructura organizativa / Organigrama | Governance structure documentation | <ul><li>Required when the association's governance structure is complex or not clear from other documents.</li><li>Provided by the account holder.</li></ul> |
| Formulario de Persona Expuesta Políticamente (PEP) | Politically Exposed Person (PEP) form | <ul><li>Will be sent to the end user (based on your communication preferences).</li><li>Must be signed and dated.</li></ul> |
```
Statutes row is missing its mandatory * (ticket marked it required), the "Only applies to associations." qualifier this combined table needs, and sourcing; the Organigrama row uses company wording.
(+ reorder)

> Depending on the company type, business activity, and applicable regulations, Swan may request additional documentation at any stage of the account lifecycle. The documents listed on these pages are standard requirements — not an exhaustive list.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Additional documentation
Depending on the company type, business activity, and applicable regulations, Swan may request additional documentation at any stage of the account lifecycle. The documents listed on these pages are standard requirements — not an exhaustive list.
:::
```
